Add FAQ for client-to-client (#631)
Angristan/OpenVPN-install: FAQ.md

Sysctl options are at `/etc/sysctl.d/20-openvpn.conf`

---

> **Q:** I can't ping another VPN client

Reviewer: This should a question, like:

> How can I access another client connected to the same OpenVPN server?

---

> **Q:** How can I access another client connected to the same OpenVPN server?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Q:** How can I access other clients connected to the same OpenVPN server?
```
